user-facing homepage updates (#976)
nsidc/earthaccess: docs/index.md

<p align="center">
<img alt="earthaccess, a python library to search, download or stream NASA Earth science data with just a few lines of code" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/717735/205517116-7a5d0f41-7acc-441e-94ba-2e541bfb7fc8.png" width="70%" align="center" />
</p>

# Welcome to `earthaccess`!

`earthaccess` is a Python library to **search for** and **download** or **stream** NASA Earth science data with just a few lines of code.

> >*"earthaccess revolutionizes data access by drastically reducing the complexity and code required. Since open science is a collaborative effort involving people from different technical backgrounds, our team took the approach that data analysis can and should be made more inclusive and accessible by reducing the complexities of underlying systems."*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>*"earthaccess revolutionizes NASA data access by drastically reducing the complexity and code required. Since open science is a collaborative effort involving people from different technical backgrounds, our team took the approach that data analysis can and should be made more inclusive and accessible by reducing the complexities of underlying systems."*
```

>
>Luis López, an NSIDC software developer and earthaccess creator

# Community Resources

> Earthaccess is a highly active, open-source, and community-driven library whose development is being led through NASA Openscapes, an initiative to support researchers using data distributed by NASA Distributed Active Archive Centers (DAACs) as they migrate workflows to the cloud. Development of the earthaccess library also features leadership and contributions from private industry and the broader user community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`earthaccess` is a highly active, open-source, and community-driven library developed by [NASA DAACs](https://www.earthdata.nasa.gov/centers), private industry, and the broader NASA data user community.

`earthaccess` development is facilitated by [NASA Openscapes](https://nasa-openscapes.github.io/), an initiative to support researchers using data distributed by NASA Distributed Active Archive Centers (DAACs) as they migrate workflows to the cloud.
```

I felt that the sentence about NASA Openscapes is important, but providing the definition of NASA Openscapes interrupted the idea of "who are the contributors". I felt it deserved its own paragraph! I changed "led" to "facilitated" to be more specific.

Reviewer: I feel like "Community resources" (i.e. the bullets below) could have its own page. The paragraphs above could stay in the "About" section in the home page.

Reviewer 2: I like this Matt!

- [earthaccess Blog](https://www.earthdata.nasa.gov/news/blogearthaccess-earth-science-data-simplified)

- [earthaccess: Accelerating NASA Earthdata access through open, collaborative development](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1K5RbQj4OKWt49kznIF9ct-cmWADlvdYA0eI7dA7_fFg/edit#slide=id.g269ad4ab477_0_691) - Luis López, Matt Fisher, Aaron Friesz, Qiusheng Wu, Amy Steiker, earthaccess community. Feb 26, 2024. NASA ESDS Tech Spotlight. ([video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIr3j1_wDc0))

- [The earthaccess Python Library: Awesome Discovery and Access of NASA Earthdata](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vT8BN1C4FkHrid_eVfOwJjZzKGn9Nomb6mnDj3Nld-nD0ekzoenxQIq6Xzo9VFQsXbixCNskadBwPwM/pub?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000) - Amy Steiker, Andrew P. Barrett, Charles Daniels, Matthew Fisher, Daniel Kaufman, Joseph H. Kennedy, Luis López, Julia S. Stewart Lowndes, Jessica Scheick, The NASA Openscapes mentors team. December 9, 2024. AGU Fall Conference Poster ([slide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iBqeMQcdNAxQfhIH9jdcvI2m1HmBxJFixLX1BnwG-S8/edit#slide=id.g317ff1cef8c_1_87))

# About

> ![*NASA Earthdata using `earthaccess` for impactful science. Art by Allison Horst and Openscapes.*](images/earthaccess_environmental_horst.jpg){alt="3-panel watercolor artwork depicting earthaccess' position as a missing link between environmental data and data analysis. Depicts environmental data within mountains and streams with arrows labeled 'import' and 'earthaccess' that connect to a data analysis panel and then a communicate panel." width="100%"}

Reviewer: This doesn't render correctly; I believe this syntax is valid for Quarto, but not for Mkdocs :( 

see: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/images/#image-captions

The [alt text is the thing in the brackets in CommonMark](https://commonmark.org/help/tutorial/08-images.html), but for some reason Quarto treats that as caption text :( 

```suggestion
<figure markdown="span">
  ![3-panel watercolor artwork depicting earthaccess' position as a missing link between environmental data and data analysis. Depicts environmental data within mountains and streams with arrows labeled 'import' and 'earthaccess' that connect to a data analysis panel and then a communicate panel.](images/earthaccess_environmental_horst.jpg){width="100%"}
  <figcaption>NASA Earthdata using `earthaccess` for impactful science. Art by Allison Horst and Openscapes.</figcaption>
</figure>
```

Author: This is now not rendering the image at all... I'm hoping someone knows/can share a fix faster than my figuring out how to do so.

Reviewer: Fixed up in [43fb289](https://github.com/nsidc/earthaccess/pull/976/commits/43fb289172c2a75f310af59b48d8177a8d914721)!

We can use `earthaccess` to do impactful science, faster:

> - Search Data: Explore NASA's extensive collection of Earth science data, powered by [CMR](https://cmr.earthdata.nasa.gov/search/site/docs/search/api.html).
> - Access Data: Download data to your local machine or stream it directly into your Python scripts through [`fsspec`](https://github.com/fsspec/filesystem_spec).
> - Authenticate: Manage your [NASA Earthdata Login (EDL)](https://urs.earthdata.nasa.gov) and Earthdata Cloud credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Search data**: Explore NASA's extensive collection of Earth science data, powered by [CMR](https://cmr.earthdata.nasa.gov/search/site/docs/search/api.html).
- **Access data**: Download data to your local machine or stream it directly into your Python scripts through [`fsspec`](https://github.com/fsspec/filesystem_spec).
- **Authenticate**: Manage your [NASA Earthdata Login (EDL)](https://urs.earthdata.nasa.gov) and Earthdata Cloud credentials.
```

I'm nitpicky about title case :laughing: Feel free to ignore.

> The library is an open source community effort under an [MIT license](LICENSE.txt).  We welcome contributions to improve `earthaccess`.  Please see the [Contributing Guide](contributing/index.md) to learn how to get involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`earthaccess` is an open source community effort under an [MIT license](LICENSE.txt).  We welcome contributions to improve `earthaccess`.  Please see the [Contributing Guide](contributing/index.md) to learn how to get involved.
```

# Supported By

<p align="center">
<img alt="NASA logo" src="nasa-logo.png" width="40%" />

> <img alt="ESDIS logo" src="logos/earthdata-logo.jpg" width="40%" />

Reviewer: Personal opinion: I don't think NASA's logos should be larger than the other logos.

Reviewer: The ESDIS logo, IMO, is kind of meaningless. Few people will recognize it, I think! I didn't. My first thought was "is that a weird version of the pangeo logo I haven't seen before"?

Reviewer: I think it may be worth considering replacing the logos with a bulleted list. I don't think we're going to find a reasonable way to display these logos with very different shapes in a way that doesn't represent some (OB.DAAC, Coiled) as significantly smaller than others.

Author: > I think it may be worth considering replacing the logos with a bulleted list.

Your point is well taken, but I think the images over text piece is critical here. I've made some edits to the image order to take a stab at improving the display without getting too fancy. I think there is a lot of space for improvement here (e.g. adding links to the images), but it's not the most pressing place to invest time at the moment.

<img alt="NSIDC" src="nsidc-logo.png" width="20%" />
<img alt="ASF" src="logos/asf-logo.png" width="20%" />
<img alt="ASDC" src="logos/asdc-logo.png" width="20%" />

> <img alt="GESDISC" src="logos/gesdisc-logo.png" width="20%" />

Reviewer: No image found!
